I met Larry Nasser when I was somewhere
around the age of 5 years old my parents
have become close friends with Larry and
his wife Stephanie they were all medical
professionals and shared a passion for
the subject it was during this time I
asked me I was approximately 6 years old
the latter Nassar began to sexually
abuse me I was 12 years old when I told
my parents when Larry rubbed my feet he
uses his penis
my parents confronted him and he denied
any such action due to complex details
that I won't get into here my parents
chose to believe Larry necks are over me
[Music]
Lavigne answers actions had already
caused me significant English but I
heard worse as I watched my father
realized what he had put me through my
father and I did our best to patch up
our tattered relationship before me
committed suicide and do that some 16:13
answer wedged himself between myself and
my family and uses leverage as my
parents trusted friend to pry it apart
until we fractured perhaps you have
figured it out by now
the little girls don't see little
forever they grow into strong women that
return to destroy your world your letter
state now Aquileia is having a four day
sentencing media circus she wants me to
sit in the witness box next to her for
all four days so the media cameras will
be directed before it perfect I don't
know I don't need any cameras you
certainly are free not to take my
picture I don't have a dog in this fight
sir I adore castrate this you get by
your actions and by your plea of guilty
and you may find it harsh that you are
here listening but nothing is as harsh
as what your victims endured the
thousands of hours at your hands
collectively you spent thousands of
hours perpetrating criminal sexual
conduct on minors
spending four or five days listening to
them is significantly minor considering
the hours of pleasure you've had at
their expense and ruining their lives
none of this should come as a surprise
to you judge Aquilino is seeking media
attention over port protocol this is the
people the state of Michigan which is
Larry Nance right not judge Apple you
know I'm doing my job I try to do it
well unlike what you did so I don't know
if it's your frustration at night or
what's going on here but I have to say
this isn't worth the paper it's written
on I'm the mother of Chelsea Martha know
she couldn't be with us today but I'm
going to be telling you from a victim's
mother's point of view but I first want
to tell you that my daughter was adapted
from South Korea and I got a call from
our social worker that wanted to know if
we would be willing to take a baby that
had some medical issues and 90 in August
of 1985 and we said yes I'm still
because you couldn't lay down and the
but the king from her night was just
inseparable we did everything together
as she continued to grow up during your
normal childhood she you know wanted to
do all the activities that and all her
little friends did and we had the
Saturday morning classes in the Gymboree
and you know whatever is swim lessons
Diana so she really caught on to
gymnastics well um that became five days
a week sometimes six and she was at
Maine and she went a team really quick
because she was really good
I have been in the room with her during
her examination as usual and I said he
ready to go to lunch and she's like no
mom I just want to go home
and I said what time are you in pain and
she said mom I just want to go home and
they said okay so we got the car and I
said and she's ferret bawling and they
said Chelsea tell me what's wrong then
she said mom he put his fingers in me
and they weren't beloved and I said
Tulsa it was right there in the world
and she goes you couldn't see what was
going on mom and she said he hurt me
[Music]
she had the self-loathing I didn't I had
to see a psychiatrist and I didn't seem
to be helping there's a lot of self
blame who said quit gymnastics the
following year when she was 13 she made
bad decisions it affected her social
life she started running with bad crowds
she got into drugs and she never really
recovered
[Music]
and so and 2009 she took her own life
because she couldn't deal with the pain
anymore it all started with him it just
became worse as the years went by until
she couldn't deal with it anymore and as
you can see she turned into a beautiful
young lady who was really really sick
and that's my story came in today and I
didn't want to be a disruption but you
guys are you guys are reinforcing my
view that I am a disruption for
processes for the victims and the
survivors and not about us and there's
you to say to them again today is about
the victims it's not about us this is
not the place for that conversation
there'll be another time and place to do
that folks there are there are pieces
about this story there are public and
there pieces that will be told this is
not the day to do that
this is a day for this into the kitchen
again this is not the day to have that
conversation
[Music]
I've become disruptive enough and I
don't want to do that again very thing
you won't come back
what do you see no what I'm saying is I
listen but I'm not going to be this kind
of disruptive because the focus of
attention should be on the people who
are telling their story and to Lou Anna
Simon I don't even know how you are
still in the position that you are in I
don't know how you can still call
yourself a president because I don't
anymore
you say you weren't responsible for this
I wish you would come up to this podium
and be half as brave as all of us have
had to be the past year and a half you
are trying to manipulate people into
thinking that you are innocent when you
are not as far as I'm concerned you are
just as bad as this monster that has
attempted to ruin all of us but he
hasn't and you won't either Larry I hope
you Lou Anna Simon Kathy clay Gus and
all the USAG are scared because you have
pissed off the wrong army of women thank
you
[Applause]
[Music]
his so-called treatments included but
we're not limited to breast exams
stretching me when he would lay on top
of me with his penis on my crotch
massaging me in very intimate places and
even placing his unglued hand getting to
my anus and vagina in order to get my
hips to pop back in place and relieve my
back pain when I came forward in August
2016 I was attacked on social media
people did not believe me every day
after that more women and young girls
were coming forward I wasn't alone
[Music]
dr. Nasir was not a doctor he in fact
was in forever shall be a child molester
a monster of a human being end of story
the scariest night of my life happened
when I was 15 years old I had flown all
day and night with the team to get to
Tokyo he'd given me a sleeping pill for
the flight and the next thing I know I
was all alone with him in his hotel room
getting a quote treatment I thought I
was going to die that night our silence
has given the wrong people power for too
long and it is time to take our power
back thank you Seiden mckayla maroney
[Music]
who was the doctor that USAG sent keep
us healthy and help us get through the
doctor that was our abuser the doctor
that is a child molester nobody was even
concerned whether or not we were being
sexually abused
I was not protected and neither were my
teammates flarin NASA is accountable USA
Gymnastics is accountable the US Olympic
Committee is accountable I am here to
face you Larry so you can see I've
regained my strength that I'm no longer
a victim I'm a survivor your abuse
started 30 years ago but that's just the
first reported incident we know of if
over these many years just one adult
listened and had the courage and
character to act this tragedy could have
been avoided for this sport to go on we
need to demand real change and we need
to be willing to fight for it it's clear
now that if we leave it up to these
organizations history is likely to
repeat itself
this sentence will send a message about
how seriously abuse will be taken so I
asked how much is a little girl worth
victims were silenced intimidated
repeatedly told it was medical treatment
and even forced to go back her continued
sexual assault
when I came forward in 2016 I bought an
entire file of evidence with me and the
MSU PD handled it beautifully but MSU
officials for a different story because
the response of Dean Williams Trimble
was to send an email to Larry that day
and tell him quote good luck I am on
your side what we had to go through for
our voices to be heard because of the
responses of the adults in authority has
greatly compounded the damage we suffer
and it matters not long after I stopped
seeing Larry I transitioned from athlete
to coach and every day that I nurtured
those baby tunas I wondered if any of
them would find their way into his exam
room when one of my little girls was
finally referred to him I took a chance
and I spoke up and I was kind of caution
for my own sake to remain silent
her family moved away almost immediately
thereafter and I wrecked for that little
girl and I prayed to God that she was
under the age range that Larry preferred
she was 7 but when I filed my police
report Kyle Stephens came forward she
was 6 a year in yoga and my little girl
and I cried in my kitchen and I don't
know yet if that little girl walked out
to seeing the shoe lucky Larry I
remembered the day you brought Carolyn
into your office so that I could hold
her he knew how much I loved children
and you used your daughter to manipulate
me and every time I held my babies I
prayed to God you would leave your abuse
in the exam room and not take it home to
the little girl born with black hair
just like her daddy I have been there
for young gymnasts and helped them
it's warmer awkward little girls too
graceful beautiful confident athletes
and taken short in their success because
I wanted what was best for them
and this isn't joy you have cut yourself
off from forever
because your desire to help was nothing
more than a facade for your desire to
harm you have fashioned for yourself a
prison that is far far worse than any I
could ever put you in and I pity you for
that I plead with you to impose the
maximum sentence under the plea
agreement because everything is what
these survivors are thank you your words
these past several days have had a
significant emotional effect on myself
Commission to me to my core they also
recognize that what I'm feeling pales in
comparison to the pain trauma emotional
destruction
how sorry I am for what is occurred
acceptable apology sir you need to plant
the microphone er they can't even accept
for apology to all of you is impossible
to write and convey I won't carry your
words with me for the rest of my things
I do want to read some extension of your
apology and whether I believe it or not
I was at the doctor because my treatment
worked
and those patients that are now speaking
out were the same ones that praised and
came back over and over and referred
family and friends to see me in the
media to convince them that everything I
did was wrong and then please feel broke
their trust hell hath no fury like a
woman scorned
it is just a complete nightmare the
stories that are being fabricated to
sensationalize this
would you like to withdraw your plea no
not because you are guilty aren't you
are you guilty sir
I accept my duty exactly this letter
which comes two months after your please
tells me that you have not yet phoned
what you did that you still think but
somehow you are right that you are a
doctor that you're entitled that you
don't have to listen and then you did
treatment I wouldn't send my dogs to you
sir
it was not treatment what you did it was
not medical there is no medical evidence
that was ever brought sir you knew you
had a problem then it's clear to me you
knew you had a problem from a very young
age even before you are doctor you could
have taken yourself away from temptation
but you decided to not address what's
inside you that causes this control urge
the causative you to be a sexual
predator sir
I'm commuting 175 years which is 2100
months
okay I just find yourself orange I find
that you don't get it but you're a
danger you remain in danger I'm a judge
lead to life and rehabilitation when
rehabilitation is possible
I have many defendants from back here
and shoulders great things they've done
in their lives after probation after
parole I don't find that possible with
you
[Music]